Quim/dashboard page docs (#262)
seqeralabs/nf-tower-docs: docs/dashboard/overview.md

---

> title: Dashboard Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Dashboard overview
```

headline: 'Dashboard'

> description: 'View and manage workflow runs in Tower'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'View run status overview in Tower'
```

> description: 'Keep track of the workflows ran in Tower'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'View and manage workflow runs in Tower'
```

---

!!! note 

>     This feature is available from Tower v.22.3X onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This feature is available from Tower v.22.3.
```

Author: That sounds better, good catch!

## Overview

> From version 22.3, Tower contains a **Dashboard** page that displays the details of workflow runs in your Workspace. The dashboard is accessed from the user menu in the top right corner. Click your avatar, then select "Dashboard".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version 22.3, Tower contains a **Dashboard** page that displays the details of runs in your Organizations and Workspaces. The dashboard is accessed from the user menu in the top right corner. Click your avatar, then select "Dashboard".
```

> From version 22.3, Tower contains a **Dashboard** page that displays the details of workflow executions in your Workspace. The dashboard is accessed from the user menu in the top right corner. Click your avatar, then select "Dashboard".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version 22.3, Tower contains a **Dashboard** page that displays the details of workflow runs in your Workspace. The dashboard is accessed from the user menu in the top right corner. Click your avatar, then select "Dashboard".
```

> From version 22.3, Tower contains a **Dashboard** page that provides an overview of runs in your organizations and personal workspace at a glance. The dashboard is accessed from the user menu in the top right corner. Click your avatar, then select "Dashboard".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version 22.3, Tower contains a **Dashboard** page that provides an overview of runs in your organizations and personal workspace at a glance. The dashboard is accessed from the user avatar menu in the top right corner. Click your avatar, then select "Dashboard".
```

> Since Tower v22.3.X we have added to Tower the **Dashboard** page, which helps you keep track of where all you accessible workflow executions have been submitted. You will be able to access it via your personal menu in the top right corner. Click your avatar and select "Dashboard".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version 22.3, Tower contains a **Dashboard** page that displays the details of workflow executions in your Workspace. The dashboard is accessed from the user menu in the top right corner. Click your avatar, then select "Dashboard".
```

![](_images/dashboard_hero.png)

The page is split into two main areas:

## Filters and summary

> The drop-down lists at the top of the dashboard page allow you to filter the workflows displayed by personal Workspace, user Organizations, and time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The drop-down lists at the top of the dashboard page filter total runs by your personal Workspace, the Organizations you have access to, and time range.
```

> The drop-down lists at the top of the dashboard page filter total runs by your personal Workspace, the Organizations you have access to, and time range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The drop-down lists at the top of the dashboard page filter total runs by your personal workspace, the organizations you have access to, and time range.
```

> Below the filtering options, a summary of total workflows is displayed using cards for each workflow status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the filters, a summary of total runs is shown by status.
```

> ## Workflow runs per organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Runs per organization
```

> ## Workflows per organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Workflow runs per organization
```

> Below these filters there is a section with a card per every possible workflow status, which yields a summary regarding the state of the total workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the filtering options, a summary of total workflows is displayed using cards for each workflow status.
```

> Below the filters, you will be able to see one card for every organization you have access to (or a single one with your "Personal Workspace" if you have selected this option in the filter above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the filters, cards containing workflow run totals are displayed. Depending on the options you selected in the drop-down above, the cards are filtered for each organization you have access to, or your personal Workspace.
```

> Every card consists of a row for every workspace you have access to inside this organizations, and at the same time a column for every possible workflow status, with a total column at the far right and a total row below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each card represents an organization and displays runs arranged by workspace and status. 
```

![](_images/dashboard_orgs.png)

> There are various navigation options you can go from here if you want to investigate further on your workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click a run value in the table to navigate to a run list filtered by the status selected. 

Click a workspace name in the table to navigate to a run list filtered by the workspace selected. 
```

## Overview

From version 22.3, Tower contains a **Dashboard** page that provides an overview of runs in your organizations and personal workspace at a glance. The dashboard is accessed from the user menu in the top right corner. Click your avatar, then select "Dashboard".

![](_images/dashboard_hero.png)

The page is split into two main areas:

## Filters and summary

The drop-down lists at the top of the dashboard page filter total runs by your personal workspace, the organizations you have access to, and time range.

Below the filters, a summary of total runs is shown by status.

## Runs per organization

Below the cards displaying total runs by status, run totals are filtered by each organization or your personal workspace. Filtering depends on what you selected in the drop-down options near the top of the page. 

Each card represents an organization. Total runs for the organization are arranged by workspace and status. 

![](_images/dashboard_orgs.png)

Click a run value in the table to navigate to a run list filtered by the status selected. 

Click a workspace name in the table to navigate to a run list filtered by the workspace selected. 

>  - On the other hand, you can click on any count number in any cell to see the workflow runs in the context of that workspace that are in that specific status (the filters there will be set for you automatically).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Overview

From version 22.3, Tower contains a **Dashboard** page that provides an overview of runs in your organizations and personal workspace at a glance. The dashboard is accessed from the user menu in the top right corner. Click your avatar, then select "Dashboard".

![](_images/dashboard_hero.png)

The page is split into two main areas:

## Filters and summary

The drop-down lists at the top of the dashboard page filter total runs by your personal workspace, the organizations you have access to, and time range.

Below the filters, a summary of total runs is shown by status.

## Runs per organization

Below the cards displaying total runs by status, run totals are filtered by each organization or your personal workspace. Filtering depends on what you selected in the drop-down options near the top of the page. 

Each card represents an organization. Total runs for the organization are arranged by workspace and status. 

![](_images/dashboard_orgs.png)

Click a run value in the table to navigate to a run list filtered by the status selected. 

Click a workspace name in the table to navigate to a run list filtered by the workspace selected. 

>  - On the one hand, you can click on every workspace name to see the workflow runs in the context of that workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
